feat: expose `HeadersArgs` & `HeadersFunctionArgs` type (#6247)
remix-run/remix: .changeset/headersfunctionargs.md

---
"remix": patch
"@remix-run/cloudflare": patch
"@remix-run/deno": patch
"@remix-run/dev": patch
"@remix-run/eslint-config": patch
"@remix-run/node": patch
"@remix-run/serve": patch
"@remix-run/server-runtime": patch
---

add `HeadersFunctionArgs` type to be consistent with loaders/actions/meta and allows for using `function`

```tsx

> import type { HeadersFunctionArgs } from '@remix-run/*';
> 
> export function headers({ loaderHeaders }: HeadersFunctionArgs) {

Reviewer: Maybe use `HeadersArgs` here, as we're using `ActionArgs`/`LoaderArgs` in other places as well?

```suggestion
import type { HeadersArgs } from '@remix-run/node'; // or cloudflare/deno

export function headers({ loaderHeaders }: HeadersArgs) {
```

Reviewer 2: He's added HeadersArgs as an alias, while keeping HeadersFunctionArgs for consistency with DataFunctionArgs

Reviewer: Docs/examples/templates are using `ActionArgs`/`LoaderArgs` though, hence why I think we should use that in the changelog as well
